if I had a time machine I think
I go back to when a mars-sized
protoplanet sideswiped earth in
the early solar system
sideswiping our crust casting
billions of tons of rock into
orbit around the Earth which
then coalesced to form our Moon
i want i want to be around when
that happen by the way back then
the moon would have formed much
much closer to the earth so the
moon had been huge in the sky
raising really high tides just
that whole episode I want to
bear witness to it did
who doesn't love a good
collision especially if a
collision an explosion creates
something explosions and
collisions that are portrayed in
the media today that something
is always destroyed but this is
one thing that actually created
something beautiful our Moon
now if i were to go back in time
to when humans still existed i
would go back i chilled with
Isaac Newton yeah just to tell
him how significant his
discoveries were in establishing
what we now take for granted as
modern civilization the
Industrial Revolution he was the
first person to really put on
the page the fact that the
universe is knowable oh my gosh
the universe is knowable that
means we can figure it out
manipulate it adjusted do things
with the universe that are in
the service of our curiosities
we use Isaac Newton's laws to
get to the moon is laws of
motion and his laws of gravity
I would tell him this I think he
he'd want to know that